I never wanted to work for another
organization this opportunity at at my
age I'm 43 is a great challenge and I'm
just really excited about about this
opportunity in the future and with that
Trevor Linden was introduced as the
vancouver canucks new president of
hockey operations having spent 20 years
in the NHL as a player including a
franchise record eleven hundred and
forty games with the Canucks Linda now
looks forward to starting the next
chapter in his hockey career it's a new
life if you if you will certainly lots
of challenges I've got a lot to learn
I've always been someone who's loved to
learn after the decision was made I've
been I've been super excited I'm I'm
really excited about this opportunity
and and I look forward to it Linden met
briefly with the coaching staff and
players today many who he played with
during his final days as a Kanak that
was exciting I think if we're gonna
bring in a guy I can't see a better fit
for this miss organization I think a lot
of excitement when you heard that news
it was either this other or the mayor of
Vancouver so he sees well-liked in this
city he was a great leader for me he he
he took me under his wing when I was
when I was a young kid and really helped
me along the way I had a great
relationship with her when he played as
a young guy coming in that looking up to
him the way he carries himself on and
off the ice just a pro years the way he
acts with media people in the
organization learned a lot from him for
me it was a great guy to to meet early
in my career very lucky to meet him
earlier in my career as opposed to later
just to kind of see the the way he
carried himself professionalism the
integrity it was great for a lot of us I
think my six years away I was a fan and
kept in touch and and watched the game
but I I was away I wasn't around much so
a bit of a separation there but like I
said I have a great deal of respect for
those guys and we'll we'll do what we
have to do to to make this a winning
organization in his new role as
president of hockey ops Linden will be
responsible for all hockey matters that
includes coaches Scouts player
development and the team's minor league
affiliate following the completion of
the regular season on Sunday Linden will
sit down with the coaching staff and the
players to go through a thorough review
of this past season he also plans to
have a new general manager in place by
the upcoming draft in June for Canucks
TV here at Rogers Arena
I'm Joey Kenward